Need Internet access
Issue - the server was hosted in the cloud last year causing issues when trying to connect. Many event venues do not have any stable internet access. This leads to the need of a local server and a way to transmit data.
Solution - Create a primary scouting fork using laptops on a ethernet connection. With a sepreate wifi conenction poin tfor ocasional mobile users and to quicklu pull information to users. P.s. both need a form of offline mode that allows the user to seach through data without having to query the server
Lead - lead scout is responsible fo rthe organization of the scouts. this includes scout rotation and what robots they are responsible for scouting. Want the scouting application to do a lot of the "babysitting" with scout lead selecting robots from the next match and assigning them to scouts. Then the application restricts them to scouting that robot and auto fills info. Possibly use HaLow wifi to get data to the pit with a qr code generator there to transmit data / run a seperate server with tiny wifi. Need to find way to save application functionality in browser.
Server - Raspberry PI 5. This allows for a super easy system to set up, that is also powerful enough to hand any communications and run a small wifi netwark.

Poor UI
issue - Many UI elements added complextiy to the navigation and data viewing aspects fo the app. Prime example of this is any element that required listing teams. with 50+ teams at an event that needed to be quickly accessed in a few seconds, having a large list was a true detriment. When also counting the cmall screen size of most devices this problem only maginfies. Aother poor UI decision was teh layout of information in the data viewing protions fo the app. Information was confusing due to the condesned nature (to save screen space) leading to horrible navtgation and understanding. There was also many points where data was replicated in either different location ro the same location. Organizational parts tf the app where. also pioints fo confusion, causing accidents in data entry. This was ecspecially bad with event selection. The event selection was also very limiting in functionality of the app. The team metrics also need ot be completly redone with a varieyt of hard to read data points and changing forms. As well as no clear way for users to determine when data was entered.
Solution - 1. Create a graph view similar to advantage scope. add a pnall with metrics that you can drag over to add to the cart, and a selcetion of teams to display info from. Then a seperate menu for notes and other non quantifiable metrics. And add clear insturctions on how to use. The data entry is season dependent.

Poor Sync
issue - The website syncs data from third party sources to avoid preassure on the limited scouting team. With an aoffline system we can not pull new data from the internet. This data is usually very tedious to collect and organize.
Solution - Sync with internet and then store data for web server. time stamp the sync and pull and update from the latest new dta. Part of the sync is o hte user device so they can leave venue to get service sync and store data come boack and reconect then push data to server. Then the server can push data to all clients.

Offline mode
issue - Scouts might not always be able to be connected to the server. and there was also confusion on what offline mode was and what the enabled functionality with it was. There awas alos an error where an accidental page relaod would cause hte page to disappear or to lose functionality sense we can't connec to the server. The app need sto maintain most functionality for remote operation adn be able to atuo reconect to server and sync new data with th eability to compromise on confilcts.
Solution. Move the app to be mostly if not completly client side wbe app. (rust w/ web assmebly). This allows the app to run fully offline with the server being ussed only to communicated between cients and provide a little source of truth.

Poor communication
Issue - given distance and enviorment, communication between scouts -> scouts and scouts -> strategist can be very hard. this communication is needed howerver as it allows for scouts to exchange prevelant non recorded data. and allows strategist to request scouts to look for special items. 
Solution - 2 seperate chat rooms. 1 chat room for scout to strategist and another for scout to scout. the chat rooms can be located in a collapsable pannel on the side with tabs to transition between the two rooms. The chat rooms allow every user to talk through them instead of locking it too certain rules.